Artist: Souls of Mischief
Title: Not found
Producers: A-Plus
Date: Sep. 7, 1993
Track and Album: Track 8 on 93 ’Til Infinity (20th Anniversary Edition) 
Lyrics: 
[Intro: Tajai]


Yo, whassup? This is Tajai of the mighty Souls of Mischief crew


I'm chillin' with my man Phesto, my man A-Plus


And my man Op', you know he's dope


(Yo, yeah, you know what I'm sayin'?)


But right now, y'know, we just maxin' in the studio (Chillin')


We hailin' from East Oakland, California (Yeah)


And, um, sometimes it gets a little hectic out there


(Haha, we just chillin')


But right now, yo, we gon' up you on how we just chill




[Verse 1: Opio]


Dial the seven digits, call up Bridgette


Her man's a midget
, plus she got friends, yo, I can dig it!


Here's a 40 — swig it! You know it's frigid


I got 'em chillin' in the cooler
, 
break out the ruler


Damn! That's the fattest stoge I ever seen


The weather's keen in Cali


Gettin' weeded makes it feel like Maui


Now we feel the good vibrations


So many females, so much inspiration




[Verse 2: A-Plus]


I get inspired by the blunts too! (Too)


I'll front you (You), if you hang with a bunk crew (Chump)


I roam the strip for bones to pick


When I find one, I'm gon'


Take her home and quickly do this (Yep)


I need not explain this (Nah!)


A-Plus is famous, so get the anus!


[Verse 3: Tajai]


Hey, Miss! Who's there? I'm through there


No time to do hair; the flick's at eight, so get straight


You look great, let's grub now


A rubdown sounds flavor, later there's the theater


(Yeah, that sounds nice)


We in the cut, the cinema was mediocre (It was cool, you know)


Take her to the crib so I can stroke her




[Verse 4: Phesto]


Kids get broke for they skins when I'm in


Close range, I throws game at your dip like handball


'Cause the man's all that! All phat!


I'm D to chill from '93 'til (Aha!)




[Chorus: Souls of Mischief]


Yeah, this is how we chill from '93 'til (Yeah)


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


Uh-huh, this is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill… from '93 'til




[Verse 5: A-Plus]


Huh! My black Timbs do me well (Yeah)


When I see a fool and he says he heard me tell (What?)


Another person's busy-ness, I cause dizziness


Until you stop actin' like a silly bitch


[Verse 6: Phesto]


Yo, crews are jealous 'cause we get props


The cops wanna stop our fun, but the top


Is where we're dwellin', swell and fat, no sleep


I work fit, and jerks get their hoes sweeped


Under their noses, this bro's quick


To hit blunts and flip once I'm chillin' 'cause my crew's close, kid




[Verse 7: Tajai]


I'm posted, most kids accept this as cool


I exit, 'cause I'm an exception to the rule (Hell no, I'm out)


I'm steppin' to the cool spots where crews flock


(Yo what's up, how you doin'?)


To snare a dip, or see where the shit that's flam-bee


Plan B not as poppin'


So I got tons of indo and go to the Owen's basement


My ace been fattenin' up tracks


Time to get prolific with the whiz, kid




[Verse 8: Opio]


Greenbacks in stacks, don't even ask who got the fat stacks


We can max pumpin' phat tracks


Exchangin' facts about impacts, 'cause in facts


My freestyle talent overpowers, brothers can't hack it


They lack wit, we got the mack shit


'93 to infinity — kill all that wack shit!


[Chorus: Souls of Mischief]


Ha! This is how we chill from '93 till


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill… from '93 'til


Yeah, this is how we chill from '93 'til' (Uh-huh)


This is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 until


This is how we chill from '93 'til (Yeah)




[Verse 9: Phesto]


I be coolin', school's in session, but I'm fresh in


Rappin', so I take time off to never rhyme soft


I'm off on my own shit with my own clique


Roll many back-roads with a fat stoge and blunts
, foldin' runts


Holdin' stunts captive with my persona


Plus a bomber, zestin'


Niggas is testin' my patience, but I stay fresh and




[Verse 10: Tajai]


Restin' at the mall, attendance on 'noid (Get off!)


But I am shoppin' for my wish to exploit


Some few fits, some new kicks


I often do this, 'cause it's the pits not bein' dipped




[Verse 11: Opio]


Flipped! The flyer attire females desire


Baby, you can step to this if you admire


The exxx-traordinary dapper rapper


Keep tabs on your main squeeze before I tap her




[Verse 12: A-Plus]


I mack her, attack her with the smoothness


I do this, peepin' what my crew gets, huh! (Shit)


Loot, props, respect and blunts to pass


Crews talk shit, but in my face, they kiss my ass (Smack!)


They bite flows, but we make up new ones


If you're really dope, why ain't you signed yet?


But I get my loot from Jive/Zomba, I'ma bomb ya


You will see, from now 'til infinity




[Chorus: Souls of Mischief]


Ahhh (Yeah), this is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


Huh! This is how we chill from '93 'til


Yo! This is how we chill from '93 'til


Aww, yeah, this is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til


Yeah, this is how we chill from '93 'til


This is how we chill from '93 'til




[Outro: Souls of Mischief]


Haha! Just coolin' out, y'know what I'm sayin'?


But, but who's chillin' around the Land, y'know?


Yo, who's chillin'? I think I know who's chillin'


Yeah, tell me who's chillin' then, A-Plus


Casual — you know he's chillin'


Yo! Pep Love — he gotta be chillin'


Jay-Biz — you know he's chillin'


A-yo, man, my — my man Snupe is chillin', man


Yo, Mike G — you know he's here chillin'


Yeah, my man Mike P — you know he gotta chill


Del the Funky Homosapien is chillin'


Aye, aye, my man Domino — yo, he's chillin'


Yeah… and it's like that to the end (Yeah, like that)


For infinity, you know what I'm sayin'?


'92 is over, '93, that's when we rule (We the dopest)


You know what I'm sayin'? Peace

About: 
Rising from the Oakland hip-hop scene, Souls of Mischief, a subgroup of Hieroglyphics, talk about their daily lives in 1993, from women, talking about money, and eating grub.
Planes and Pigeons says, “‘93 ‘Til Infinity achieves a rare feat: it is a beautiful song that doesn’t sound like what we think of when we typically discuss 'beautiful music’.”
This track samples the Billy Cobham track, “Heather” off of his 2nd album “Crosswinds”.
A-Plus sped the sample up to ridiculous rates on most likely an SP-1200 (Many producers did this for jazz samples in the early 90’s because the SP-1200 sampler didn’t have much sample time).
During an interview with SPIN, the group’s A-Plus revealed the original title track was named differently.
The original song was called ‘91 'Til Infinity.’ We were in high school, just making songs, making demos, trying to get them to send out to people, and it was just a concept for a song.
It had a whole different beat.
We never really laid the song down, but we wrote verses.
Time moved forward and we were working on the album, and we were like, ‘We should do a '92 'Til Infinity.’ But the album didn’t come out ‘til '93.
So that was that.
The other beat was slower, more somber, this was one was more upbeat.

 Original four members of the Souls of Mischief, (left to right) Phesto, Opio, Tajai, A-Plus 